[DOC] Upgrades from older Strimzi versions (#4447)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/assemblies/upgrading/assembly-upgrade.adoc

[id='assembly-upgrade-{context}']
= Upgrading Strimzi

Strimzi can be upgraded to version {ProductVersion} to take advantage of new features and enhancements, performance improvements, and security options.

As part of the upgrade, you upgrade Kafka to the latest supported version.  
Each Kafka release introduces new features, improvements, and bug fixes to your Strimzi deployment.

Strimzi can be xref:assembly-downgrade-{context}[downgraded] to the previous version if you encounter issues with the newer version.

.Upgrade paths

Two upgrade paths are possible:

Incremental:: 

> Upgrading Strimzi from version 0.21.1 to version {ProductVersion}.

Reviewer: We should write around the 0.21.1 release otherwise we would need to update it all the time. MAybe ...

```suggestion
Upgrading Strimzi from previous version to version {ProductVersion}.
```

Author: OK, I guess it's likely to get missed. I'll change it to "the previous version".

Reviewer 2: But does previous version mean 0.20.0 or a 0.20.1? It's a bit ambiguous. Do we mean previous _minor_ version?

Reviewer: I guess that is good point @laidan6000 ^^^ ... _previous minor version_ would be better.

Reviewer 3: Maybe an _(X.Y)_ example in

Author: Changed to "the previous minor version". I tried an X.Y example but it seemed confusing.

As part of the upgrade, you upgrade Kafka to a later supported version. 
Each Kafka release introduces new features, improvements, and bug fixes to your Strimzi deployment.

Strimzi can be xref:assembly-downgrade-{context}[downgraded] to the previous version if you encounter issues with a newer version.

.Upgrade paths

Two upgrade paths are possible:

Incremental:: 
Upgrading Strimzi from the current version to the next version.
+
For example, upgrading from Strimzi 0.20.1 to 0.21.0.

Multi-version::
Upgrading Strimzi from the current version to any later version within a single upgrade (skipping one or more versions).
+
For example, upgrading from Strimzi 0.19.0 directly to Strimzi 0.21.0.

.Kafka version support

You can review supported Kafka versions in the link:https://strimzi.io/downloads/[Supported versions^] table.

* The *Operators* column lists all released Strimzi versions (the Strimzi version is often called the "Operator version"). 

* The *Kafka versions* column lists the Kafka versions that are supported by each Strimzi version. 

> //When upgrading to an Operator version that drops support for the Kafka version you are upgrading from, the upgraded Cluster Operator returns an error message, for example:

Author: TBC: Decide if this information is better here, or in the Kafka upgrade procedure.

[id='assembly-upgrade-{context}']
= Upgrading Strimzi

> Strimzi can be upgraded from a given version to a later version to take advantage of new features and enhancements, performance improvements, and security options.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should really use here the actual version number ... since as this stands, it applies for Strimzi 0.22.0. It does not apply to 0.21 if upgrading from 0.19. And we do not know how it applies to 0.23 in the future (I hope it will, but 0.23 will have its own docs with possible changes if there are any). Maybe that is why the `later` is so confusing for me.

Author: Agreed. I've changed this to use the actual version number.

> Strimzi can be upgraded to version {ProductVersion} to take advantage of new features and enhancements, performance improvements, and security options.

As part of the upgrade, you upgrade Kafka to a later supported version. 
Each Kafka release introduces new features, improvements, and bug fixes to your Strimzi deployment.

Strimzi can be xref:assembly-downgrade-{context}[downgraded] to the previous version if you encounter issues with a newer version.

.Upgrade paths

Two upgrade paths are possible:

Incremental:: 
Upgrading Strimzi from the current version to the next version.
+
For example, upgrading from Strimzi 0.20.1 to 0.21.0.

Multi-version::

> Upgrading Strimzi from the current version to any later version within a single upgrade (skipping one or more intermediate versions).

Reviewer: Again, this is documentation for Strimzi 0.22. So this is about upgrading _from older versions to current version_ or possibly _from older versions to Strimzi {ProductVersion}_.

Author: Changed to:
